Fix/grammar errors in main pages (#4)
altixco/altixco.github.io: getting_started.md

![](/assets/img/vs-code.png)

> This is the best code editor in our opinion, it can be used for any development so we recommend it for front-end development:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the best code editor in our opinion, it can be used for any development but we recommend it for front-end development:
```

![](/assets/img/rubymine.png)

> Developed by the same company that develop Pycharm, Rubymine is the best IDE for Ruby and Ruby on Rails Development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Created by the same company that develops Pycharm, Rubymine is the best IDE for Ruby and Ruby on Rails Development.
```
